Name: Guidry, Joseph
Date: 02 SEPT 2017
Current Module: Object Oriented Programming with Python
Project Name:  Dungeon Dudes

Project Goals:
	<A two to three sentence description of the project and its intent>
     
	- The goal of this project is to incorporate the use of object oriented programming to create an adventure game
	
Considerations:
	<A bulleted list of considerations and conditions which affected the design of your project>
    - Implementing objects that describe real items.
    - Apply the DRY principle
    - Generate random number of enemines in a random number of rooms.
    - Be able to reach the end, if hero survives.

Initial Design:
	<A paragraph or more that adequately describes your program's structure and layout discussing the various modules (.c and corresponding .h files) that you implemented>
	
	This program is composed of a couple python files:
    
    dungeon_dudes.py: This file runs its main function and has the run_game function to get through the game play.
    
    In the dungeon packet, there are four modules:
        character.py  : This file provides the code to generate Heros and Monsters as subclasses of the Character class.
        place.py      : This file provides the code to generate Places and a GameMap for the Hero to go through, the Place
                        determines the number of monster to generate.
        treasure.py   : This file provides the code for creating a treasure item, that can be used by the Hero class.
        helper.py     : This file provides utility code for dice rolling, printing menus and accepting input.

Data Flow:
	<A paragraph or longer describing the data flow of the program in a sequential manner.  Include a diagram when necessary.>
	
	1. The game starts by asking the user to select a new game or quit. If quit is selected, game will exit.
	2. After new game has started, the user is prompted to enter a hero name. Then begins the rooms building method.
	3. In the run_game function the hero will go through the rooms until the end is reached.
	4. A list of bad_guys is created upon entering each room, based on the type of room. 
	5. The Hero enters a battle with the first monster on the list, and continues until all have been defeated. 
        - The Hero and a Monster enter the battle function.
        - A Dice objecct is generated and roll 3 times by default, returning the highest dice roll per character.
        - The character with the higher dice roll, applies damage attribute to opponents health attribute.
	6. If Hero dies, a custom exception is raised to indicate the failure of the Hero.
	7. After each monster has been defeated, a treasure has a random chance to drop, which modifies the 
       damage or accuracy of the Hero 
	8. Repeat until last room is completed, then the game will return to the start menu.

Communication Protocol:
	<Discuss any custom communication protocol you have used including the various request and responses that may be sent and received.>

	There was no use of custom communication protocols used in this program.
	
Potential Pitfalls:
	<Discuss any potential issues that you might run into while creating the project>
	
	1. Completing the project pythonically.
	2. DRY principle for code reuse.
    3. Planning the use of inheritance and how classes and objects interact.
	
Test Plan:
	User Test:
 		<Describe the steps taken for each user test.>
 		1. Test for individual class creation was done with TDD. 
 		2. Attempt to make it through a map with one monster in one room.
 		3. Expand number of rooms, then number of monsters.
 		4. Use of random treasure drops from monsters.
        5. Add flourish to exit early on first room.
 		
	Test Cases:
		<A brief overview of the test cases that you implemented.>
		1. Attempt to Ctrl + C from anywhere in the program.
		2. Handle different input from user, and menu stages.
		3. Ensure proper execution of classes using TDD.  
		4. Trial and Error on making any possible selection at any time.
		
		
Conclusion:

	<A review of the project, what worked, what didn’t and how to improve upon your project in the future.>

	In this project, the return to using PEP8 and python are the most challenging part of this project. 
    Once returning to a level of understanding the creation of classes and how those classes are built was the next challenge.
    Through the use of Test Driven Development, the build and use of class attribute and methods help lay the foundation for this
    project.  Afterward, TDD was abandoned to test how the program came together. Further work with TDD is needed.  
    The overall picture of the project was enjoyable to develop.



